hello with you dj krypton today
the base would like to introduce you to the guests
of my lemon channel and
who will continue to tell you about
hand lenses made in the USSR from
all Soviet lenses submitted
On the market
the most optimal and inexpensive
is the lens jupiter 8 they
produced in different years carving
lens
m39 on distance cameras vigilant
or in this fifty kopecks 50 millimeters and
very good apertures of 20 exist
two versions of this lens
silvery and black silvery happens
Causes the earliest modifications and
black they are black or glossy
glossy this is the end of the 60s beginning of the 70s
black this mid seventies by
late 90s black more modern y
them a little different glass they are different
give a little picture and silver
more vintage such lens checks and
they give a vintage picture on this
The moment these lenses are wide
common in the secondary market can
buy very cheap cost
lenses vary according to
condition and quality from 10 to 30
dollars we have for example in the lens
there is a silver export version
it is written in Latin
it says made in ussr collected
quality lens can be checked for
assembly as it is well assembled or
already shaken from time to price from 10 to
30 dollars is very inexpensive for such
lens and because there is a version
for example jupiter 3 it is more bright
51 and 5 but it is already 10 times more expensive
these lenses look like carl zeiss sonar
50 20 he was taken for the original German
lenses carl zeiss sonar they are made
a little bit different there practically
backlash is never worth it
expensive for example antique as in
intelligence costs you $ 500 a
You can buy a lens Jupiter 8
10 as I said at 30 dollars on
micro system 43
the lens will turn out as 100 millimeters
she 's sony nex somewhere 75 80
millimeters she is not a kanvon as he has
blood 2 point 7 is 135
everything will turn out very simply to
install on the lumix system we need
there will be an adapter an adapter stands there from
200 to 300 rubles we certainly have someone
sells and more expensive these adapters up to 1000
rubles can we have to go abroad
u is worth 5 10 dollars are bronze
we are the easiest lumia
Here we put the adapter adapter
inserted very easily it is simply
screw adapter like this
he is called krasin m39 abroad
called l-39 since this is standard
watering can these lenses are one hundred percent
compatible with micro 43 system because
lumix is ​​a hybrid of panasonic fir trees
considered and he is the successor
of this system and since the lens is jupiter 8
this is a copy of carl zeiss anar which l-39
it is 100% compatible with this.
standards officially panasonic
produces adapters with l-39 system
micro 4 3 other adapters they like
42 can also exist
other systems are compatible too
system l-39 fully compatible
absolutely what problems should not
be with this lens is inserted all
very easy adapter and camera
marked with a red dot
you just insert a lens by coloring
and packs you snap everything and you
the lens is installed what is interesting
lens jupiter 8 primarily its
at the cost of it is practically the cheapest
portrait and high quality lens for
of this camera which is available on
domestic market of secondary lenses
because already autofocus lens
for example olympus 45 18 costs about there
400 500 dollars and this lens 50
millimeters aperture 20 costs from 10 to
30 dollars how are you lucky to buy it and
so for almost 1000 rubles you
will already be a portrait of us for photos and for
video he blurs the background well
of course if you find jupiter 3 which
51 and 5 then that's fine too but you don't
can find it for the money if
you want to get acquainted with manual
With lenses, Jupiter 8 is practically
the most optimal lens if you have
there is a whale lens which is 1442
aperture inside 5 and the same lens he
50 millimeters it will be a continuation
your whale lens and you already
can darker places shoot without
flashes with this lens if you already
want something better not have
more expensive you can just try on
this lens and then go on
some more expensive lenses such
same plant but they will be a little bit better
a little bit worse you will understand it already
testing process